---
lang: en
---

## Job

### Deno

Monday was my final day at Deno, as it was for many other colleages, Luca, David, Satya, John, Marvin, Nayeem, William, Felipe (who was a Node compat specialist hired last year), and 2 DevRels, Jo and Phil.

I worked at Deno for over 5 years. I worked on many projects there, but my main contributions were Node Compatibitility of Deno itself, the standard library, and various features of Deno Deploy. I enjoyed all of those works.

The company had to narrow the focus to more specific area to keep operating. The areas I was mainly working on weren't included in it.

The event was surprising, of course. I was told I was laid off at literally the last moment. I chatted with few colleagues about the event. Everybody seems surpsised and confused.

I probably still don't fully understand the meaning of this event at Deno, but I'm not too sad about it. I think I did enough things there. It feels a reasonable time to start something new.

### Job search

Then I'm looking for jobs. There are some mandatory conditions. One is that my new job need to be Japan-based (preferably Tokyo-based) because I now have 2 kids of ages 4 and 1. I need to wake up early and go to bed early, which means it's difficult for me to work with people in very different time zones. So I'm now only looking for Japan based role.

I always prefer areas where there are many things left undone. AI is obviously such area and it feels like the only such area now.

I've decided to start learning AI, LLM, Agents, etc, which I had been putting off while I was at Deno due to a lack of free time.



