---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### c3js/c3

📊 C3 is a chart library based on D3.

- Released v0.6.10. https://github.com/c3js/c3/releases/tag/v0.6.10
  - The problem of arc chart with color pattern has been solved. Thanks to @aleksandr-erin.
- Released v0.6.11. https://github.com/c3js/c3/releases/tag/v0.6.11
  - The problem of resizing the chart has been solved. Thanks to @mscraigloewen.

### denoland/deno

🦕 Deno is a new TypeScript runtime.

- deno v0.2.2 has been released. https://github.com/denoland/deno/releases/tag/v0.2.2
  - The performance seems to have been improved very much thanks to the change of source map handling. Source map used to be handled by js, but now it is handled by rust.

## News

### Edge moves its engine to Chromium

- It was so astonishing to hear that microsoft will stop building its own rendering engine and switch to chromium. I was shocked in at least three ways. It's shocking because Edge was one of the only 4 major remaining rendering engines (WebKit, Blink, Gecko, and EdgeHTML). Quite recently Opera stopped building its Presto engine and moved to Blink. The diversity has decreased a lot with that event. And this time, microsoft drops its engine. The health of the web standard is in danger. [This article](https://d-toybox.com/studio/weblog/show.php?id=2018111900) (in Japanese) illustrates very well why the diversity of the browsers is important for the web, and everyone (who understand Japanese) should read this. IE was the typical example why the monopoly of the browser market is harmful for the web. Secondly I was shocked in a good way because this dramatically reduces the cost of development of web sites. We no longer need to check our web sites on Edge. Most of web developers now use Mac, and therefore the cost of checking web sites in Edge is ridiculously high. We are now freed from that ridiculous job. In addition the Edge team says they release chromium-based Edge on windows 7 and 8. That's astonishing because the users of windows 7 and 8 no loger get stuck at IE11, which means there going to be much less demand for IE11 compatiblity of web sites. If IE11 is totally dropped in web dev scene, that means we only have evergreen browsers. That's totally new world for web development. And at last, I'm very shocked simply by the fact that Microsoft stopped building its own browser. They have kept building it since the era of "Netscape vs IE" war. They were always building browser. They produced the worst browsers like IE6, but anyway they were always building it. Any of us didn't like IE6. We actually hated IE6 and were always complaining about its strange behaviors. We all hated IE6 and the company who created IE6 as well, and probably that's why it's so sad to hear that they will stop building their own browser.

## MyProject

### capsidjs/capsid

💊 Capsid is a very lightweight component-based UI library.

- After writing the weekly report last week, I became convinced that codesandbox handles babel 7 wrong. I submitted the issue ( https://github.com/CompuIves/codesandbox-client/issues/1345 ). @CompuIves very quickly solved the problem. Then I was able to update the examples of capsid to new decorators version. [The counter](https://codesandbox.io/s/km023p21nv) and [the mirroring](https://codesandbox.io/s/p7m3xv3mvq).

### kt3k/moneybit-app

💰 Moneybit is an open source accounting mobile app.

- Finally I resumed building moneybit again! It was hard even to remember where I stopped. I seem to have stopped while building the modal in balancesheet screen, which shows the subledger of the specific accounting title.

## Hobby

### Advent Of Code 2018

🎅 https://adventofcode.com/2018

- Influenced by @38fanjia I started advent of code of this year. It is a kind of programming contest. Each problem is published everyday during 1st to 25th of December. The advent calendar style. Each problem is very interesting 😄 I solved until day 8 so far. I hope to solve all the problems during December.
