---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### denoland/deno

🦕 Deno is a new way to JavaScript.

- Contribution
  - https://github.com/denoland/deno_std/pull/165
  - I submitted a PR which adds a reusable CLI which performs prettier formatting. You can use this command like `deno https://deno.land/x/std/prettier/main.ts`, and it formats all the js and ts files in your repository.
  - After this merged in std, this became `deno --fmt` command. This is already available as a function of deno [v0.2.10](https://github.com/denoland/deno/releases/tag/v0.2.10).

- Deno now seems really popular in Japanese tech community. Most of engineers at least know it (if they knows JavaScript or node.js). Many people work or play around it. This is totally different from what it was 3 months ago.

## MyProject

### kt3k/moneybit-app

💰 Moneybit is an open source mobile accounting app.

- Finished more or less the redesign of edit-chart page. Through this work, I found that Sketch has a lot of useful keyboard shortcuts, and that they really improve my workflow of doing works in Sketch.
- Next week, I'll start implementing the UI components of the page.

## Social

### Referral Recruitment

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="ja" dir="ltr">2012年のG社だ! <a href="https://t.co/nvzZI0370i">https://t.co/nvzZI0370i</a></p>&mdash; Yoshiya / ひのさわ / かた(肩) (@kt3k) <a href="https://twitter.com/kt3k/status/1091308614524882946?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">February 1, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

- My reaction to @teppeis tweet got some attention of my followers in twitter. G means GREE here. GREE used to provide 2 million yen to the employee who successfully invited someone from other compnaies. I think they stopped doing it around the end of 2012 because of the significant decrease of the revenue in that year. In the original talk, which @teppeis was hearing, the speaker seems to have said that the 2 million reward program was a total failure, and that destroyed the culture of GREE. I disagree with it. I actually saw many new members from other famous companies who joined us using the above program. They were actually brilliant and worked very well. I admit they had their own culture naturally, but that didn't affect us in such a bad way. GREE failed on almost everything after the Comp Gacha shock, but in my view, that referral program was one of the few of their successful attempts to improve the company.

## Book

### Warum es die Welt nicht gibt

📗 Warum es die Welt nicht gibt is a book by Markus Gabriel

- I started reading the book "Warum es die Welt nicht gibt" in Japanese translation. I found this German author in NHK's program where he described the modern philosophies after the WWII in his own way, and I found it very interesting. I still don't understand the central theme of his theory, but I hope I'll found something useful in it.
