---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### denoland/deno

🦕 Deno is a new JavaScript and TypeScript runtime.

- Contributions
  - https://github.com/denoland/deno/pull/2439
    - Added `--stdout` option to `deno fmt`. It is the feature proposed by
      @axetroy. This PR was the last step of the series of works by @axetroy and
      me.
  - https://github.com/denoland/deno_std/pull/476
    - Added the detection of source file changes during testing.

### c3js/c3

📊 C3 is a chart library based on D3.

- https://github.com/c3js/c3/pull/2582
  - This PR added an option for showing tooltips based on the horizontal
    position of the mouse. Released as v0.7.1.

## Book

### Animal Farm

🐖 Animal Farm is a classical allegorical novel by George Orwell.

- This week we read the chapter 3. The revolutionized farm has started well.
  Animals produce the products so well like human farmers did. They organize
  several committies to educate themselves. I liked the paragraphs where some
  animals struggle to learn alphabets. What inspired the author to write these
  paragraphs? At the end of the chapter, the governing species pigs started
  declaring that they have the privilege to have milk and apples exclusively.
  One of the seven commandments of the farm is broken now.

## Event

### Rust LT

- Joined Rust LT on Monday at South Tower, Tokyo Station.

### HarajukuSQuare

HarajukuSQuare is the meetup organized by @seqsense.

- We gathered at the office of @seqsense at Harajuku. We listened to the talks
  of @kamatama41, a JAFCO guy, and @AtsushiSakai. @kamatama41 talked about his
  careers, Tenho MahJong, and
  [his own terraform provider](https://github.com/kamatama41/terraform-provider-unofficial-travis).
  The talk by the JAFCO guy (I forgot the name) was actually very interesting.
  His company talks with about 2,000 startups every year and only invests to 20
  among them. @seqsense is the company which belongs to that 20 in the
  year 2017. He also said that one of the current trends of their investments is
  Live Streaming. I thought their investment itself is a very good indicator of
  how promising a company is. Finally @AtsushiSakai presented about the
  competition called Formula Driverless Student. This is a competition of auto
  driving a car which has similar spec as Formula 1. I enjoyed listening to the
  stories of a very different world.
