---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### denoland/deno

🦕 Deno is a new JavaScript and TypeScript runtime.

- Contributions
  - https://github.com/denoland/deno/pull/2591
    - Continued to investigate the last part of the above work. In the above
      branch I encountered the strange error which says `unique symbol` is not
      assignable to `number | unique symbol`. It's strange because unique symbol
      is assinable to `number | unique symbol` if these unique symbols are the
      same. They must be the same but when I have a look at `deno types`,
      surprizingly they are different. There were two namespaces `Deno` and
      `io`. They both have `EOF: unique symbols` declarations. That's very
      strange because in the source code, it's declared only once. But in type
      declaration file, it splits into 2 different declarations, and they
      conflicts with each other. I still cannot explain what causes this
      situation, but maybe ts_library_builder handles the declaration files in a
      slightly wrong strategy.
    - Anyway we merged the above PR with making `EOF: null` for now. That's a
      little unfortunate, but I believe that works.

## News

### Kat Marchan

- Kat Marchan quit npm this week. I think this affects npm cli in future. In the
  middle of the week, she's announced she's working on a new project of package
  manager, which is a new frontend of entropic registry. The new project will be
  written in rust. Before her quit, most leading engineers of npm had quit
  already. I highly doubt their ability to continue developing npm cli further.
  Especially to develop tink in this situation looks difficult.

### 7pay incident

- Japan's biggest convenience store chain 7&i Holdings released a new payment
  service, full of exploitable vulnerabilities, this week, and they immediately
  lost a half million dollars. Payment service, full of vulnerabilities 🙈
  They're still struggling to solve the issues.

## Movie

### Snowpiercer

- I've seen a movie called Snowpiercer in netflix. This is a sci-fi movie. This
  movie depicts the rebelion of the people who are oppressed in a dystopia. The
  world is in a very unnatural situation. The movie looked sometimes very
  inconsistent and impossible, but I still liked this movie very much because
  the the storyline is very dramatic and every part seems connected to another
  part very well even in such ridiculous situations. Such spontaneous emergence
  of dramaticity from the combination of ridiculousness reminded me the drawings
  of Picaso.
