---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### denoland/deno

🦕 Deno is a new JavaScript and TypeScript runtime.

- Still writing my chatpters for the book. My first chapter is heavily inspired
  by the book of Python by @kamatari. His way of introducing new items to people
  who really don't know them is awesome.

### c3js/c3

📊 C3 is a chart library based on D3.

- https://github.com/c3js/c3/releases/tag/v0.7.4
  - @panthony continued contributing this week. We released version v0.7.4 🎉

## Job

### Broken message

- A very difficult bug happened on our agent process. Probably the tcp data is
  cut in the middle because of inappropriate timeout behavior of the library
  we're using. As a result, broken binary data comes in to our system. It
  produces another broken message with absurd properties. It happens only once
  or twice a day. We receive millions of data a day. The reproduction rate is
  very low. That makes it difficult to debug this failure.

## Animation

### Puella Magi Madoka Magica

- This is a TV animation series with 12 episodes which was popular 8 years ago
  in Japan. I've never seen this before, but this time I've finally seen this
  one. It was amazingly good. The plot was very original and interesting. I also
  liked the supporting roles like the mother and teacher. They were well played.
- The bad point about this series is, in my opinion, the picture! I don't
  understand why they choose such childish style.

## Life

### Cold

- Caught a cold. First the throat started itching, then aching. Then I couldn't
  breathe well, and couldn't do anything. I don't remember after that well, but
  after sleeping almost 2 days I felt good and everything started going normal.
