---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### Tailwind CSS

- Found an interesting CSS framework called Tailwind CSS (
  https://tailwindcss.com ). This framework doesn't provide any "component" like
  Bootstrap or Bulma, but it only provides more low-level classes such as mr-6,
  text-center, etc. The users of the framework mixes these utility classes to
  make their own "components". I think that's an interesting approach. It has
  more than 14K stars in github. There are only a few CSS frameworks which has
  more than 10K stars. So it feel like it could be a new trend in CSS
  frameworks.

### perl6

- https://github.com/perl6/problem-solving/issues/81
  - Found an interesting issue about renaming perl 6 to `Camelia` or `Raku`. I
    don't use perl 6 that much, but I've been interested in it since its start.
    I remember it was first impelemented in Haskell, and eventually it produces
    serveral VMs. Now perl6 ecosystem looks so big that I can't see the whole
    picture of the project.

## Book

### denobook 02

🦕 denobook 02 is the 2nd volume of denobook by deno-ja

- Finally I finished the most part of my chapter ☺️ My chapter is for ultimate
  beginners who start programming without any background knowledge about any
  sort of programming. I personally don't remember how it is like to start
  programming in such early stage. My chapter heavily rely on the book of Python
  by Masahiro Kamata. His book is really good at explaining the basic concept
  like variables, data types, if structure, for structure, functions etc. I
  followed the first half of his book in my chapter, and borrowed many ideas
  about explanation of basic concepts.
- During writing this, I compared many JavaScript and Python books for beginners
  in book stores. Usually Python books are better at explaining basic concept
  because Python run by itself without any other tools. So the authors don't
  need to explain many things when start explaining python programming. On the
  other hand, JavaScript books are usually full of technical terms from the
  biginning such as browsers, servers, HTML, CSS, DOM etc. This is natural
  because JavaScript is (or used to be) browsers' language. So the books of
  JavaScript need to explain or assume these terms before starting explaining
  any of JavaScript. Because of this constraint, most (or probably all) of
  JavaScript books are not actually for beginners.
- However, I thought that the situation was different for Node.js and Deno
  because they could been seen as a general purpose programming language like
  Python, Ruby, Go, etc. We could introduce Deno without any knowledge of
  browsers or servers. I thought it should be possible to introduce Deno as
  their first language to the beginners without any programming knowledge, and
  that's my attempt in the first chapter of denobook 02.

## MyProject

### kt3k/saku

saku is a markdown based task runner.

- https://github.com/kt3k/saku/pull/35
  - Migrated to go modules. Go modules is a official module system for golang,
    which going to be default from the next minor version 1.13. We can use it
    from go v1.11 with setting GO111MODULE env var to the string 'on'.

## Job

### SQ-2

- The production model of our robot SQ-2 started working on a building in
  Otemachi, Tokyo.

## Event

### Build Battle Saga Frontend

- An interesting event about build techniques of frontend development organized
  by @euxn23 and @sadnessOjisan. The speakers talked about their techniques,
  experiences, practices, etc about frontend build tools such as gulp, webpack,
  etc.
