---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### denoland/deno

🦕 Deno is a new JavaScript and TypeScript runtime.

- Contributions
  - https://github.com/denoland/deno/pull/2878
    - Updated the typescript-eslint toolchain to v2.1. It started catching new
      types of programming errors. For example, it warns unnecessary usages of
      `let`, and advises to change them to `const`.
  - https://github.com/denoland/deno/pull/2895
  - https://github.com/denoland/deno_std/pull/590
    - Removed deprecated Deno.platform usages. It remained in several places in
      both core and std.

## Event

### JSConf JP

- Bought a ticket of JSConf JP 2019.

## Book

### denobook 02

🦕 denobook 02 is the 2nd volume of denobook by deno-ja

- We finally submitted the data of our book to the printing company. It has 156
  pages. We decided to price it 1,000 yen per copy. The book will be available
  at the event, [Tech Book Fest 7](https://techbookfest.org/event/tbf07), at
  Ikebukuro on Sept 22nd. This is the first book I've ever written.

## Art

### Bowl

- I read about the 8 bowls, which were registered as the national treasure of
  Japan. I was very interested in one among them. That bowl is called Kizaemon
  because of the name of its original owner. The bowl was created in Korea about
  500 years ago, and it was one of the mass production. It was a defective
  product among them. So it was a garbage in a usual sense, but many of tea
  ceremony authorities found strange values in it such as Wabi or Sabi, and then
  it became an incredibly valuable bowl. I was interested in that strange
  process of changing the value of a thing in such a way.
