---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### denoland/deno

- Contributions

  - feat: add std/signal/mod.ts

    https://github.com/denoland/deno/pull/3913

    [#3857][] had some flaws. For example, MuxAsyncIterator already existed in `std/util/async.ts`. I switched the plan and made `signal` util in standard modules, which takes multiple signal numbers and returns a muxer of multiple signal streams. This version was much simpler than [#3857][] and merged soon after submitted.

## Book

### denobook 03

- We, deno-ja, are going to publish the next volume of denobook on 1st Mar. I started writing the chapters for it this week. I wrote 9 articles for Deno Advent Calendar 2019 (in Japanese). So I can use some stuff from those. I'm actually going to reuse some materials from `date-fns` article, which received some positive feedbacks when posted in the advent calendar series. Additionally I've written about the security flags of Deno, which is new one for this book. After writing it, I realized again that this feature is really very useful and is unique among programming languages. I can recommend Deno to everyone even because of only this feature. The security system of Deno is so awesome!

## Life

### Playing Cards

- Nowadays I've been buying many decks of playing cards. Now I have more than ten decks. Ten is very few number among collectors. I've been watching the YouTube channels of magicians and cardicians lately. They often have hundreds or thousands of decks. David Blaine said his warehouse was full of card decks. I'm not a magician. I don't do any card magic, but I'm (strangely) interested in those YouTube channels these days. I don't know why and I think these are not connected to my life or my job at all, but anyway these are very interesting to me for now.

[#3857]: https://github.com/denoland/deno/pull/3857
