---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### denoland/deno

- This week we released Deno 1.20. To me `deno task` was the biggest addition in this release. `deno task` is actually very convenient. And because we interpret the shell on our own, there're even more room to improve them.

### nodejs/node

- This week Node.js landed `test_runner` module in the master branch. It's builtin test runner which could compete with mocha, jest, ava, etc. It's an interesting move of Node.js because they keep avoiding including such kinds of user facing features until recently.

## Life

### Tax Document

- This week I finished the Tax Document for the year 2021. This year I first did it online using the government's system. It used to require special device dedicated for reading the special card until recently, and that was why I had never done it online because I hate to buy such special device only for the tax document. However this year I found they upgraded the system and now we don't need such device anymore and we only need the mobile app which is free and installable via Google Play (or App Store). So I downloaded that App and submit my document online using the app. The experience of submitting it was not perfect (It's very long!), but it was enough doable and actually more convenient than going to the physical office with physical copies of the documents.

### Pixel 6

- Finally activated my new Pixel 6 phone. It used to be a very exciting event to start using a new phone because there used to be always a new features in a new phone. Nowadays starting a new phone is rather a painful event. Usually no practical new features, and there's only pain of moving all the credentials from the old phone to the new phone. The management of these credentials, passwords, logins, etc are really painful, and as a result there's no joy in changing a phone lately.

## Event

### Deno vs Node.js discussion

- I joined the 38th Tokyo Node School as an speaker. I discussed about Deno and Node.js with Yosuke Furukawa (@yosuke-furukawa), who is the organizer of the Tokyo Node School for many years. We talked about really many topics about Node.js and Deno. @martinheidegger and @mizchi also joined the talk in the middle.

### Denobata 7

- Had 7th denobata meetup.
