---
lang: en
---

## Tech

### Early hints

- Chrome 103 released the handling of 103 Early hints status code. We can send `Link` header before sending http status code with this feature available. This somewhat breaks our mental model of http request and response 1 to 1 relationshop. So it's a little difficult how to include this in our existing http servers.

  I personally think this is pure improvement of the entire web performance and we must use this somehow, but many people seem skeptical about the efficiency of this feature. I have to dig into this more in my free time some time future.

## Job

### Sequoia and Deno

https://deno.com/blog/series-a

- Deno announced a new founding round (series A) was completed led by Sequoia Capital. The blog post also elaborates on our view about the transition of abstraction levels in cloud infrastructure and where we are heading for.

  The post was scheduled to be appearing on some later date, but there were some miscommuncation between parties and it had to be released somewhat abrutly on Tuesday.

### Meet Me

- Roughly finished the implementation of Meet Me this week. There were a lot of tasks, but we finished them anyways.

## Event

### Toranoana Deno

- Joined Toranoana Deno event as a listener.

## Life

### The very hungry caterpillar

- These days I often read a picture book called The Very Hungry Caterpillar to Rei. He seems enjoying it.

  <blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="ja" dir="ltr">はらぺこあおむし読書会 <a href="https://t.co/QO49DU9smt">pic.twitter.com/QO49DU9smt</a></p>&mdash; Yoshiya Hinosawa (@kt3k) <a href="https://twitter.com/kt3k/status/1540983865774608384?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 26, 2022</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
