---
lang: en
---

## OSS

### kt3k/packup

- I announced `packup` project on Thursday. It's parcel like web app packager, but based on Deno. The module resolution is compatible with Deno, not Node.js. Internally it uses [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io/).

  <blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Packup is a zero-config web application packager for Deno. Inspired by the awesome <a href="https://twitter.com/parceljs?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@parceljs</a>. Utilizing esbuild compiled to WASM. <a href="https://t.co/xZ1NK7A3dW">https://t.co/xZ1NK7A3dW</a></p>&mdash; Deno (@deno_land) <a href="https://twitter.com/deno_land/status/1395342076846485506?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 20, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Tech

### AMP

- There was an annoucement that Google stops the special treatment of the AMP website, rather it considers Web Vitals more valueable measures for page ranks. I welcome this change because AMP looked very weird technology to me, but I don't understand the decision of Google, which started AMP and stops AMP without giving enough reasoning behind it.

### IE11

- Microsoft announced that IE11 will be retired in June, 2022. This is an absolutely good news for the web ecosystem. Hello with evergreen browsers only world.

### React Server Component

- I researched a little bit about React Server Component as part of my job for LightCafe Creation. I didn't find much except the first annoucement of the technology. Probably they are working towards this direction, but I guess this isn't going well because RFC or other documents are not updated recent 4-5 months. That's too slow if the project making good progress. I also found that the main `react` npm package only updated 2 patch version since the release of `17.0.0`. There ware only 2 patch versions in 7 months. This is surprisingly slow update rate, but the commit counts are still high every month. So probably they are doing something big behind the scene (It might be concurrent mode?).

## Hobby

### Resident Evil 7 & 8

- For unknown reasons I recently enjoy watching the game play video of Resident Evil 7 & 8. These are the latest 2 of zombie horror game series Resident Evil from a Japanese game maker Capcom. I actually can't play these kind of games by myself, but watching the game play feels strangely enjoyable.
